# Error

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Type** | **string** | An URI reference that identifies the problem type. When dereferenced, it SHOULD provide human-readable documentation for the problem type (e.g. using HTML). | 
**Title** | **string** | A short, summary of the problem type. Written in English and readable for engineers (usually not suited for non technical stakeholders and not localized) | 
**Status** | **int32** | The HTTP status code generated by the origin server for this occurrence of the problem. | 
**ErrorCode** | **string** | The error code is a string that uniquely identifies an error condition and should be understood by programs that detect and handle errors by type | 
**Details** | Pointer to **string** | The error message contains a generic description of the error condition in English. It is intended for a human audience | [optional] 
**Instance** | Pointer to **string** | ID of the object that is involved in the error (or empty) | [optional] 
**Data** | Pointer to **map[string]map[string]interface{}** | Error payload | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewError

`func NewError(type_ string, title string, status int32, errorCode string, ) *Error`

NewError instantiates a new Error object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewErrorWithDefaults

`func NewErrorWithDefaults() *Error`

NewErrorWithDefaults instantiates a new Error object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetType

`func (o *Error) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *Error) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *Error) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.


### GetTitle

`func (o *Error) GetTitle() string`

GetTitle returns the Title field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTitleOk

`func (o *Error) GetTitleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTitleOk returns a tuple with the Title field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTitle

`func (o *Error) SetTitle(v string)`

SetTitle sets Title field to given value.


### GetStatus

`func (o *Error) GetStatus() int32`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *Error) GetStatusOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *Error) SetStatus(v int32)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.


### GetErrorCode

`func (o *Error) GetErrorCode() string`

GetErrorCode returns the ErrorCode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetErrorCodeOk

`func (o *Error) GetErrorCodeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetErrorCodeOk returns a tuple with the ErrorCode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetErrorCode

`func (o *Error) SetErrorCode(v string)`

SetErrorCode sets ErrorCode field to given value.


### GetDetails

`func (o *Error) GetDetails() string`

GetDetails returns the Details field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDetailsOk

`func (o *Error) GetDetailsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDetailsOk returns a tuple with the Details field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDetails

`func (o *Error) SetDetails(v string)`

SetDetails sets Details field to given value.

### HasDetails

`func (o *Error) HasDetails() bool`

HasDetails returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInstance

`func (o *Error) GetInstance() string`

GetInstance returns the Instance field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInstanceOk

`func (o *Error) GetInstanceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInstanceOk returns a tuple with the Instance field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInstance

`func (o *Error) SetInstance(v string)`

SetInstance sets Instance field to given value.

### HasInstance

`func (o *Error) HasInstance() bool`

HasInstance returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetData

`func (o *Error) GetData() map[string]map[string]interface{}`

GetData returns the Data field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDataOk

`func (o *Error) GetDataOk() (*map[string]map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetDataOk returns a tuple with the Data field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetData

`func (o *Error) SetData(v map[string]map[string]interface{})`

SetData sets Data field to given value.

### HasData

`func (o *Error) HasData() bool`

HasData returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


